Variable Name                                     Variable Meaning

Subject                                          - Subject Id for data
Activity                                         - Activity type for data
meanTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerForX              - Mean Time Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in X Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerForY              - Mean Time Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in Y Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerForZ              - Mean Time Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in Z Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerForX               - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in X Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerForY               - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in X Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerForZ               - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in X Direction
meanTimeDomainGravityAccelerometerForX           - Mean Time Domain Gravity Accelerometer Readings in X Direction
meanTimeDomainGravityAccelerometerForY           - Mean Time Domain Gravity Accelerometer Readings in Y Direction
meanTimeDomainGravityAccelerometerForZ           - Mean Time Domain Gravity Accelerometer Readings in Z Direction
stdTimeDomainGravityAccelerometerForX            - Std Deviation Time Domain Gravity Accelerometer Readings in X Direction
stdTimeDomainGravityAccelerometerForY            - Std Deviation Time Domain Gravity Accelerometer Readings in Y Direction
stdTimeDomainGravityAccelerometerForZZ           - Std Deviation Time Domain Gravity Accelerometer Readings in Z Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForX          - Mean Time Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Readings in X Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForY          - Mean Time Domain Bodyy Accelerometer Jerk Readings in Y Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForZ          - Mean Time Domain Bodyy Accelerometer Jerk Readings in Z Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForX           - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Readings in X Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForY           - Std Deviation Time Domain Bodyy Accelerometer Jerk Readings in Y Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForZ           - Std Deviation Time Domain Bodyy Accelerometer Jerk Readings in Z Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyGyroForX                       - Mean Time Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in X Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyGyroForY                       - Mean Time Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in Y Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyGyroForZ                       - Mean Time Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in Z Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyGyroForX                        - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in X Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyGyroForY                        - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in Y Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyGyroForZ                        - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in Z Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyGyroJerkForX                   - Mean Time Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Readings in X Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyGyroJerkForY                   - Mean Time Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Readings in Y Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyGyroJerkForZ                   - Mean Time Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Readings in Z Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyGyroJerkForX                    - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Readings in X Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyGyroJerkForY                    - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Readings in Y Direction
stdTimeDomainBodyGyroJerkForZ                    - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Readings in Z Direction
meanTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerMagnitude         - Mean Time Domain Body Accelerometer Magnitude
stdDevTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerMagnitude       - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Accelerometer Magnitude
meanTimeDomainGravityAccelerometerMagnitude      - Mean Time Domain Gravity Accelerometer Magnitude
stdDevTimeDomainGravityAccelerometerMagnitude    - Std Deviation Time Domain Gravity Accelerometer Magnitude
meanTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkMagnitude     - Mean Time Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude
stdDevTimeDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkMagnitude   - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude
meanTimeDomainBodyGyroMagnitude                  - Mean Time Domain Body Gyroscope Magnitude
stdDevTimeDomainBodyGyroMagnitude                - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Gyroscope Magnitude
meanTimeDomainBodyGyroJerkMagnitude              - Mean Time Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude
stdDevTimeDomainBodyGyroJerkMagnitude            - Std Deviation Time Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude
meanFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerForX              - Mean Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in X Direction
meanFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerForY              - Mean Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in Y Direction
meanFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerForZZ             - Mean Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in Z Direction
stdFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerForX               - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in X Direction
stdFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerForY               - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in y Direction
stdFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerForZ               - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Readings in Z Direction
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerForX          - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer in X direction
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerForY          - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer in Y direction
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerForZ          - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer in Z direction
meanFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForX          - Mean Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk in X Direction
meanFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForY          - Mean Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk in Y Direction
meanFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForZ          - Mean Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk in Z Direction
stdFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForX           - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk in X Direction
stdFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForY           - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk in Y Direction
stdFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForZ           - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk in Z Direction
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForX      - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk in X direction
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForY      - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk in Y direction
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkForZ      - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk in Z direction
meanFreqDomainBodyGyroForX                       - Mean Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in X Direction
meanFreqDomainBodyGyroForY                       - Mean Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in Y Direction
meanFreqDomainBodyGyroForZ                       - Mean Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in Z Direction
stdFreqDomainBodyGyroForX                        - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in X Direction
stdFreqDomainBodyGyroForY                        - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in Y Direction
stdFreqDomainBodyGyroForZ                        - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in Z Direction
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyGyroForX                   - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in X direction
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyGyroForY                   - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in Y direction
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyGyroForZ                   - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Readings in Z direction
meanFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerMagnitude         - Mean Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Magnitude
stdDevFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerMagnitude       - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Magnitude
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerMagnitude     - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Magnitude
meanFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkMagnitude     - Mean Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude
stdDevFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkMagnitude   - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyAccelerometerJerkMagnitude - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude
meanFreqDomainBodyGyroMagnitude                  - Mean Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Magnitude
stdDevFreqDomainBodyGyroMagnitude                - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Magnitude
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyGyroMagnitude              - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Magnitude
meanFreqDomainBodyGyroJerkMagnitude              - Mean Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude
stdDevFreqDomainBodyGyroJerkMagnitude            - Std Deviation Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude
meanFreqFreqDomainBodyGyroJerkMagnitude          - Mean Frequency of Frequency Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude


